Add tracing support to wrapper (#6)
signalfx/lambda-csharp: README.md

## Overview

You can use this document to add a SignalFx wrapper to your AWS Lambda for .NET.

The SignalFx C# Lambda Wrapper wraps around an AWS Lambda .NET function handler, which allows metrics and traces to be sent to SignalFx.

At a high-level, to add a SignalFx .NET Lambda wrapper, you can:
   * Package the code yourself; or

>    * Use a Lambda layer containing the wrapper, and then attach the layer to a Lambda function.

Reviewer: It could be helpful to have each of these link to their respective sections.  Directing ppl away from the document to refer to layers docs before that section may not be necessary/intuitive until step four.

Author: Agree with that I actually created a story to simplify those steps, it is the backlog.

To learn more about Lambda Layers, please visit the [AWS documentation site](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).

## Step 1: Add the wrapper to the project

Add the [`signalfx-lambda-functions` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/signalfx-lambda-functions/) to your project.

> For advanced users who want to reduce the size of deployment packages, you can use the package as a developer dependency, but in production, you would add the wrapper to a layer in the Lambda environment. This option allows you to work with the wrapper in a local setting and reduce the size of deployment packages at the same time.

Reviewer: Does the process have instructions detailed anywhere that can be linked to?

Author: I'm lifting the legacy instructions and it is pretty similar for all wrappers, that said this is not ideal: it should be directly the CLI commands instead. Punting for now.

## Overview

You can use this document to add a SignalFx wrapper to your AWS Lambda for .NET.

> The SignalFx C# Lambda Wrapper wraps around an AWS Lambda .NET function handler, which allows metrics and trces to be sent to SignalFx.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SignalFx C# Lambda Wrapper wraps around an AWS Lambda .NET function handler, which allows metrics and traces to be sent to SignalFx.
```

At a high-level, to add a SignalFx .NET Lambda wrapper, you can:
   * Package the code yourself; or
   * Use a Lambda layer containing the wrapper, and then attach the layer to a Lambda function.

To learn more about Lambda Layers, please visit the [AWS documentation site](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).

## Step 1: Install the NuGet Package

> 1. Add the [`signalfx-lambda-functions` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/signalfx-lambda-functions/) to your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the [`signalfx-lambda-functions` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/signalfx-lambda-functions/) to your project.
```

For advanced users who want to reduce the size of deployment packages, you can use the package as a developer dependency, but in production, you would add the wrapper to a layer in the Lambda environment. This option allows you to work with the wrapper in a local setting and reduce the size of deployment packages at the same time.

> ### Option 1: For AWS Serverless ASP.NET Core Lambda

Reviewer 2: Option 1 seems like for a specific package, and Option 2 seems like it's just for .NET Lambda - these aren't really interchangeable options, are they?

Author: No, they are not interchangeable. These are 2 different ways to implement an AWS Lambda Function in .NET: 

1. It is really an ASP.NET Core application with AWS proxying the calls to it.
2. Doesn't use ASP.NET Core and it is kind of legacy.

```c#
        // Static reference to the SignalFx function wrapper.
        private static FunctionWrapper s_functionWrapper = new FunctionWrapper();

        ...

        /// <summary>
        /// This is the modified handler to use the wrapper over a non-void synchronous function.
        /// </summary>
        public string FunctionWithReturn(string input, ILambdaContext context)
        {
            return s_functionWrapper.Invoke(OriginalFunctionWithReturn, input, context);
        }
```

Check the sample project for a working example:

- [Sample Lambda Functions](./src/SampleLambdaFunctions)

The are overloads of the `Invoke` method with different signatures to support the typical function signatures and specific ones to support API Gateway functions:

- `InvokeAPIGatewayProxyAsync`
- `InvokeAPIGatewayHttpApiV2ProxyAsync`

All of the methods above support enrichment of spans via optional parameters:

- `operationName` allows a custom and more friendly name for the span, if not specified defaults to the Lambda function name.
- `tags` lists extra key value pairs to be added to the span.

## Step 2: Locate Your Organization's Realm and Access Token

> To locate your realm:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the realm to configure the ingest endpoint. Follow these steps to locate your realm:
```

1. Open SignalFx and in the top, right corner, click your profile icon.
2. Click **My Profile**.
3. Next to **Organizations**, review the listed realm.

> The realm will be used to configure the SignalFx endpoint that ingests your data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> To obtain an access token:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the access token to associate the data to your organization. Follow these steps to get an access token:
```

1. Open SignalFx and in the top, right corner, click your profile icon.
2. Click **My Profile**.
3. On the left panel click **Access Tokens**, select or create a new token as appropriate.

> The access token will be used to associate the data to your organization on SignalFx.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

## Step 3: Set Lambda function environment variables

> 1. Set `SIGNALFX_ACCESS_TOKEN` with your access token. Review the following example. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to configure your access token and ingest endpoint:

1. Set `SIGNALFX_ACCESS_TOKEN` with your access token:
```

    ```bash
     SIGNALFX_ACCESS_TOKEN=<access-token>
    ```

> 2. Set `SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL` with your organization's realm. Review the following example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Set `SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL` with your organization's realm:
```

    ```bash
     SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL=https://ingest.<realm>.signalfx.com
    ```

> Note that the you'll need to specify the full path when sending to OpenTelemtry Collector i.e, `http://<otel-collector-host>:9411/api/v2/spans`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're sending data to an OpenTelemetry Collector, you have to specify the full path like this: `http://<otel-collector-host>:9411/api/v2/spans`
```

3. (Optional) Globally enable/disable metrics and/or tracing by setting SIGNALFX_TRACING_ENABLED and/or SIGNALFX_METRICS_ENABLED.
    ```bash
    SIGNALFX_TRACING_ENABLED=true  [defaults to true]
    SIGNALFX_METRICS_ENABLED=false [defaults to false]
    ```

> 4. (Optional) Enable context propagation (currently only supports B3 propagation).

Reviewer 2: when would i want to disable this?

Author: I actually think that if you have your service open to the Internet it can be risky to have this enabled by default. So the default is actually disabled, users need to opt-in.

    ```bash
    SIGNALFX_CTX_PROPAGATION_ENABLED=true [defaults to false]
    ```

> 5. (Optional) Specify other environment variables to better configure the traces. See
> [Configure the SignalFx Tracing Library for .NET](https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing#configure-the-signalfx-tracing-library-for-net) for a list of other configurations available. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) Specify other environment variables to better configure the traces. For a list of all the available configuration options available, see
[Configure the SignalFx Tracing Library for .NET](https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing#configure-the-signalfx-tracing-library-for-net). 
```

## (Optional) Step 4: Reduce the Size of Deployment Packages with AWS Lambda Layers

> 1. For advanced users who want to reduce the size of deployment packages, please visit the AWS documentation site and see [AWS Lambda Layers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).
> 
> 2. SignalFx hosts layers containing this wrapper in most AWS regions. To review the latest available version for your region, see [the list of versions](https://github.com/signalfx/lambda-layer-versions/blob/master/csharp/CSHARP.md).
> 
> 3. After you locate the appropriate layer version, please visit the AWS documentation site and follow [AWS instructions to deploy .NET Core Lambda with the layer](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/aws-lambda-layers-with-net-core/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For advanced users who want to reduce the size of deployment packages, please visit the AWS documentation site and see [AWS Lambda Layers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).

SignalFx hosts layers containing this wrapper in most AWS regions. To review the latest available version for your region, see [the list of versions](https://github.com/signalfx/lambda-layer-versions/blob/master/csharp/CSHARP.md).

After you locate the appropriate layer version, please visit the AWS documentation site and follow [AWS instructions to deploy .NET Core Lambda with the layer](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/aws-lambda-layers-with-net-core/).
```

| function_wrapper_version | SignalFx function wrapper qualifier (e.g., ignalfx_lambda_3.0.0.0) |
| component | The literal value of 'dotnet-lambda-wrapper |

### Adding Extra Tags and Enriching Traces

There are several ways to add extra tags or enrich the traces of your service:

1. Where available use the optional parameters of the wrapper to pass extra tags via the `tags` parameter or update the span name via the `operationName` parameter.

2. For ASP.NET Core applications you can add custom action filters to add tags or various other operations available to manual instrumentation.
Use the [TracingDecoratorFilter](./src/SignalFx.LambdaWrapper/AspNetCoreServer/TracingDecoratorFilter.cs) as a starting point for your own implementation.

3. Use OpenTracing anywhere in your application to add tags, spans, or do context propagation as appropriate. Use the [SignalFx examples](https://github.com/signalfx/tracing-examples/tree/master/dotnet-manual-instrumentation) as a starting point.
Notice that no package needs to be added to the project since `signalfx-lambda-functions` already brings the OpenTracing library.

> ## Legacy Metrics Only Wrapper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configuration settings for the legacy metrics wrapper
```

> The configuration settings for the Metric Wrapper from version 2.0.1 are still supported. However, users are encouraged to migrate to the latest version configuration as described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration settings for the Metric Wrapper from version 2.0.1 are still supported. However, you should migrate to the latest version if possible.
```

| Legacy Environment Variable | Default Value / Comments |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| SIGNALFX_AUTH_TOKEN | No default, use SIGNALFX_ACCESS_TOKEN |

> | SIGNALFX_API_HOSTNAME | Default is `ingest.us0.signalfx.com` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| SIGNALFX_API_HOSTNAME | Default is `ingest.us0.signalfx.com`. When you set `SIGNALFX_API_HOSTNAME`, you must reference your realm. |
```

| SIGNALFX_API_PORT | Default is `443` |
| SIGNALFX_API_SCHEME | Default is `https` |
| SIGNALFX_SEND_TIMEOUT | Default is `2000` |

> (When you set `SIGNALFX_API_HOSTNAME`, you must reference your correct realm from Step 2.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

3. Review optional parameters for ASP.Net Core Web API with Lambda:
    ```text
     CONNECTION_LEASE_TIMEOUT=milliseconds for connection lease timeout [5000]
     DNS_REFRESH_TIMEOUT=milliseconds for DNS refresh timeout [5000]
    ``` 

> ### Manually Wrapping Metrics with Legacy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Manually wrapp metrics with the legacy metrics wrapper
```

The legacy metrics wrapper offered the the following options. 

> #### Option 1: Wrap the Function Manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Option 1: Wrap the function manually
```

Please note that:
  * `SignalFx.LambdaWrapper.AspNetCoreServer.APIGatewayProxyFunctionWrapper` extends `Amazon.Lambda.AspNetCoreServer.APIGatewayProxyFunction`. 

>   * The Lambda context object `Amazon.Lambda.Core.ILambdaContext` provides telemetry data that is not available in the Web API Controllers layer on down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The Lambda context object `Amazon.Lambda.Core.ILambdaContext` provides telemetry data that's not available in the Web API Controllers layer on down.
```

> #### Option 3: Send Custom Metrics from the Lambda Function 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Option 3: Send custom metrics from the Lambda function 
```

        }
        ...
    ```

> 
> ## Additional information and optional steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
